OK so this is the very first section of this course in this section I'm going to start by teaching you
the very basics of C-sharp.
One of the questions that a lot of beginners ask is What is the difference between C-Sharp and dot net
.
So that's the first thing I'm going to answer here.
Next I'm going to talk about seal our or Common Language Runtime which is the runtime environment or
the applications.
Next I'm going to talk about the architecture of Dot Net Applications and as part of this.
I'm going to introduce you to concepts such as classes name spaces and assemblies.
And finally I will show you all these concepts in action.
I'm going to introduce you to the very basics of Visual Studio and write a very simple C Sharp application
so you can see classes name spaces and methods in action.
I hope you enjoyed this section.
And let's get started.